# CAPSolar
The adaptation of renewable energy is vital to prevent disastrous climate changes and fortifying long-term growth. In Accordance with the Paris Agreement, India agreed to reduce the intensity of emissions of Green House Gases by 33% to 35% from 2005 levels by 2030, as well as improving the percentage of energy resources that are not based on Fossil Fuels to 40% of total power generation by 2030. In recent years, among all renewable energy resources, Solar Energy has grown substantially. According to the International Renewable Energy Agency's (IRENA) 2019 study, India ranks sixth in total solar power capacity worldwide. Aerosols which are present in the air limit the solar light by
scattering and absorbing the radiation. This is known as the "Atmospheric Attenuation Effect." Aerosols are also commonly deposited on panel surfaces, diminishing their Photo-Voltaic performance. The pollution in air is growing in East and South Asia, in contrast to the global switch from dark to bright induce by a decrease in aerosol loading. As a result, when new solar expansion projects are undertaken in countries for instance China and India, the impact of aerosols on the solar energy potential must be taken into account. Between the years 1960 and 2015, China lost 11% to 15% of its Photo-Voltaic potential, with aerosols accounting for a greater loss (21% to 34% in recent years). [7]
Between 2016 and 2017, research on urban haze in Delhi revealed an 11.5 percent reduction of solar irradiance over perfectly tilted silicon modules, which resulted in a 20 million US Dollar loss. By extrapolating inspections from an exploratory set up above northwestern India in a modelling framework, there was a loss in solar power of approximately 17 to 25 percent across the countries India, China, and the Arabian Peninsula. The Aerosol Soiling and Atmospheric Attenuation Effect equally contributed to this. In the same state of affairs, international research found out that the aerosols limit the output of power production by the solar panels by greater than 50 percent in the severely polluted regions like North India, North China, and Desert regions of the world. [7]
Despite the fact that all of these studies show that air pollution has a detrimental influence on solar power assets, precise financial assessments of advantages of meeting the target of a cleaner air on India’s solar power generation is still to be quantified. We describe the effects of air pollution on Solar Infrastructure that is set-up in India over 18 years (2001 to 2018), taking both attenuation and soiling effects into consideration. The net buildup of air particles on solar panels every day as a consequence of dry deposition and the natural rain clearance process is factored into our 'soiling impact' assessment. For the study period, we analyze radiation and aerosol data from Clouds and the Earth's Radiant Energy System (CERES) and Modern-Era Retrospective Analysis for Research and Applications, version 2 (MERRA-2). [5]
The calculation of how much more solar energy India might produce and the economic gains we could experience if some of the key regulations were properly followed and the amount of air pollution in the nation was successfully lowered is also calculated. Finally, we provide an alternative route made according to our remedial policy that will help India reach its 100 Giga Watt aim on schedule. The five regional electricity networks are examined in relation to all findings (North, South, West, East, and Center). [7]
